
## Adventist Living Pattern System (ALPS) License

The Adventist Living Pattern System is developed using the Roots Sage starter
theme, whose license information is below.

The following license applies to all code not contained in `/app`, `/config`,
`/resources`:

This pattern library and accompanying themes, source-code, documentation and
resources are Copyright (c) 2019 by the General Conference of Seventh-day
Adventists. They are only authorized for use by Seventh-day Adventist
denominational entities, as authorized by the General Conference of Seventh-day
Adventists, its divisions, unions and conferences. In addition, the name and
logo are trademarked and registered identities. The General Conference of
Seventh-day Adventists reserves the legal right to protect the integrity of
the church against misuse or unauthorized use of these resources.


## Roots Sage starter theme

The following license applies to all code in `/app`, `/config`, `/resources`:

### The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) Ben Word and Scott Walkinshaw

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
